Enough! I've seen their work, you with your incompetence, but fired.
But, Alistair, I wasn't spending any rumours.
All I'm saying is that I saw the assistant goes inside Rowling's car.
What nonsense are you talking about? Do you have any evidence?
Well, you don't want people to know that don't say anything at all.
Besides, Rowling called me yesterday and he told me that.
Why don't you call him again?
I have. But he's just too busy.
Hello.
You're James Kevin Rowling?
Who says this name can't be for a woman?
Who says a woman can't earn luxury cars and designer bucks with her own skills?
I don't need to rely on looks to climb up. I've always been at the top.
Alistair, I've decided to collaborate deeply with your company.
This time, don't pay me the collaboration fee.
Give it to Bella.
How much is the fee this time?
Not much, just $300K.